[horn blares]
-♪ Chico ♪
-♪ Bon Bon ♪
-♪ Chico, Chico, Chico Bon Bon ♪
-♪ Chico Bon Bon, Chico, Chico Bon Bon ♪
♪ Chico, Chico, Chico Bon Bon ♪
♪ Chico Bon Bon
Chico, Chico Bon Bon Bon ♪
♪ Monkey, monkey
A monkey with a tool belt ♪
A monkey with a tool belt ♪
♪ Monkey, monkey
I saw a m-- m-- monkey!
Tool belt!
♪ Chico, Chico, Chico Bon Bon ♪
♪ Chico bon bon, Chico, Chico Bon Bon ♪
♪ Chico, Chico, Chico Bon Bon
Chico, Chico, Chico Bon Bon ♪
Monkey with a tool belt.
[Clark]
Chico Bon Bon and the Musical Meltdown.
-[Rainbow Thunder] Yeah, Clark!
-[Clark] Here we go.
-[Rainbow Thunder] That's it!
-[laughs]
I'll get it this time. [grunts]
-[Clark laughs]
-Whoa! Almost got it!
♪ Pinata, where are you? ♪
Oh! Sorry lamp, whoopsies. [chuckles]
Clark, the pinata's over here.
Come on, birthday boy.
Ooh!
-Ooh!
-[Chico] Happy birthday!
I got it! I got it!
Ooh, peanuts!
Ooh, this is the best birthday...
ever!
Well, it's about to get even better!
Tiny...
[drum roll]
Neil Ostrich reporting live
from the top of Blunderburg Tower,
where the piano man Elkin John will soon
play a concert for his dear fans.
Elkin John! I love Elkin John!
He's my favorite singer of all time!
Well, what do you say, Clark?
Want to go see Elkin John perform live
at the very top of Blunderburg Tower?
Of course I do!
But... Blunderburg Tower?
[whispering] Chico,
Clark's scared of high places.
What? I thought
he was scared of low places.
I'm actually kind of scared of all places,
but especially high places!
Oh, I could never go
to the top of Blunderburg Tower.
Aw, that's okay, Clark.
We can just watch the concert on TV.
[alarm blares]
The banana phone!
[action music playing]
Chico Bon Bon!
You got a problem? We can solve ‘em!
Hello, hello there, I'm Sir Elkin John.
Oh, man! Elkin John! [sighs]
My show's about to begin
and I've got a major piano problem.
-Can you help me, Chico Bon Bon?
-[piano playing]
Sir Elkin, you've reached
the right monkey business.
There's no piano problem we can't solve.
Fix-It Force, time to bring the awesome!
[kids] Chico Bon Bon!
Rainbow Thunder!
Clark!
Tiny!
[action music playing]
Whoa! [grunts]
Whoa!
[robot] Tool Force One activated.
[wheels squeal]
[Rainbow Thunder]
Blunderburg Tower straight ahead.
Wow, look at all the fans
here to see Elkin!
That's gotta be
the longest velvet rope I've ever seen.
[Rainbow Thunder]
Sir Elkin should be around back.
I'm Chico Bon Bon,
monkey with a tool belt.
And we're the Fix-It Force.
And you're... [gasps]
Elkin John!
Oh, I'm Clark,
your number one biggest fan!
Love the entrance, gang!
And you're just in time.
I need to get my precious piano
to the top of the tower for the show.
But it won't fit in the elevator.
[dings]
♪ Can you lend me a hand, oh
With my piano? ♪
♪ Oh, yes, we can, oh ♪
Fix-It Force, we've got to find a way
to get this up there.
Whip out your umbrellas.
It's time for a brainstorm.
Okay, what have we got, people?
-Rockets.
-Go on.
Rockets go fast.
-Yes.
-Rockets go high.
Ooh, tell me more.
-Rockets are...
-[all] Awesome!
We attach the piano to a rainbow rocket
and ka-pow, blast it up!
Ha! Love it!
♪ I really like your rocket plan ♪
Pow pow meow!
♪ Whoa ♪
It's working!
Whoa!
[screaming]
-It's not working.
-On it.
♪ Ah ♪
Phew!
Hmm. Perhaps this calls
for a more gentle approach.
♪ And I kind of think that I'm rising up
Like a balloon in the wind ♪
♪ Like a balloon in the wind ♪
I think I know just what we need.
[Chico] A giant ramp!
All we have to do is push the piano up!
♪ Yeah, they're pushing me up
Pushing me up ♪
♪ Pushing me right up to the top ♪
♪ Now I'm sliding back down
Sliding back down ♪
♪ Sliding back down to the bottom ♪
Oh! It's too steep!
With no way to get Elkin's piano
to the top of Blunderberg Tower,
will the concert have to be canceled?
No!
[plays off key notes]
Don't worry, Sir Elkin, sir.
We'll think of something.
-Won't we?
-Chico, what do we do now?
Well, we-- Maybe we could, uh, uh--
Maybe it's time for a banana break.
[ding]
[Chico] Come on, Chico,
you can solve this problem.
-We couldn't launch the piano to the top.
-[buzzer]
-We couldn't float it.
-We couldn't push it.
-[buzzer]
But maybe we can pull it.
-Pull it, just like Clark's pinata!
-[ding]
Blazing bananas, that's it!
We can pull the piano to the top!
How are we going to do that?
With the wheel thingy!
Uh, it's called a pulley, Chico,
and it's a great tool
for pulling heavy things up.
-Like my pinata!
-Or Elkin's piano.
Oh, a piano pulley.
♪ I love it ♪
Hmm. Now, to engineer it, we're going
to need some kind of roping material
that's long enough to reach up
to the top of the tower.
Uh-ha, you know I never leave the lab
without my super stunt yarn.
Too weak. It needs to lift a piano.
-[Chico] A shoelace?
-Too short.
-Duct tape?
-Too sticky.
-My spaghetti lunch?
-Too stretchy.
Whoa! Oh!
Uh. And too sticky.
Oh, Chico, where will we find something
long enough and strong enough
to lift a piano? Oh.
Clark, you're sitting on it!
Oh, you mean this peanut lollipop?
Now, how'd that get there?
No, not the peanut lollipop,
the velvet rope!
It's super long and it can support
the weight of a full-grown elephant.
[chuckles] I guess it is pretty strong.
-Now, let's build a wheelie thingy.
-It's a pulley!
A piano pulley!
Right, let's design a piano pulley!
Ladies and gentlemen,
Sir Elkin has never missed a show before.
Will this be the first?
Two minutes to show time, gang.
Which means, it's go time!
Okay, Tiny!
[action music playing]
Oh, peanuts! It's too short.
♪ Oh, we are running out of time ♪
Clark, if you hold onto the piano
and grab the velvet rope with your trunk,
you can fill the gap.
You're long enough and strong enough!
But it's going all the way up there,
and I'm afraid of up there.
Don't worry, mate.
I'll be right up there with you.
Well...
[both chanting] Clark!
♪ Clark ♪
Okay, I'll do it!
For Elkin.
[suspenseful music playing]
[Chico] Good job, Clark!
All right, Fix-It Force,
time to bring the awesome.
Hit it, Rainbow!
Hang on to your whiskers.
This pulley's going up.
[grunts]
Time for a glitter blast. Pow pow meow!
[Clark] Whoa!
Keep it up, Rainbow. It's working!
You're brave, Clark.
Oh, no, don't look down.
You know, Clarky boy, whenever I'm feeling
scared, I like to sing me a little tune.
♪ Raise me up now mighty pulley ♪
♪ Lift me high up off the ground ♪
♪ Wheel goes round as I move skyward ♪
♪ Spinning round and round ♪
♪ Heading right up to the clouds ♪
♪ Raise me up now mighty pulley ♪
♪ Flying high without a fear ♪
♪ In the sky we sing together
Crowd begins to cheer ♪
♪ Yeah, it's music to my ears ♪
Hello, Blunderburg!
We made it to the top!
Whoo-hoo-hoo!
All right, Clark!
I'm on stage with Elkin John!
This is the best birthday ever!
Let's hear it for Clark!
The super brave birthday boy.
And a big thanks to Chico and the gang
for solving me piano problem.
Ladies and gentlemen, with the help
of this incredible wheel thingy…
Pulley!
...Chico Bon Bon and the Fix-It Force
have saved the day again.
And I must say,
when I hear a song this rocking,
it makes me want to shake my tail feather!
Well, what you waiting for, Neil?
Shake that thing.
-Whoa! [laughing]
-Uh-uh!
Watch the hips.
Oh! [laughs]